and so to our first contender
good evening your name please good
evening your first heat your chosen
subject was answering questions before
they were asked this time you have
chosen to answer the question before
last each time is that correct
Charlie Smithers and your time starts
now what is paleontology yes absolutely
correct what's the name of the directory
that lists members of the peerage a
study of old fossils who Lynn Marie and
Sir Geoffrey Howe that correct what is
the difference between a donkey and us
at once a trade union leader the others
a member of the cabinet
complete the quotation to be or not to
be they're both the same
what is Bernhard manning famous for that
is the question yeah who is the present
Archbishop of Canterbury he is a fat man
who tells blue jokes what do people
kneel on in church the right reverend
Robert Runcie
what do tarantulas pray on Hassocks what
would you use a ripcord to pull open
large flies what sort of a person lived
in bedlam a parachute what is a
jockstrap a nutcase
for what purpose would a decorator use
methylene chloride a form of athletic
support he only de toulouse-lautrec do
paint strippers who is Dean Martin
he's a kind of artist yes what sort of
artist pass that's near enough what
makeup vehicle is the standard London
bus a singer career in 1892 Brandon
Thomas wrote a famous long-running
English pass what was it British island
correct compete the following quickly I
started so I finished complete the
following quotation about mrs. Thatcher
her heart may be in the right place but
her
Charlie's aren't
you